1. What is Artificial Intelligence (AI)?

Artificial Intelligence refers to the fields of computes science focused on creating systems that can perform tasks 
typically requiring human intelligence. These tasks including learning, reasoning,
problem-solving, understanding language, perception, and decision-making.

---

2. What are Large Language Models (LLMs)? How do they work?

LLMs are advanced AI systems trained to understand and generate human-like by analyzing vast datasets from the internet and other sources.
These LLMs has architecture same as human nervous system called as neurons in both biological and technical term. 
These also has hidden layer, they can be more than one. Depends on the model.
These model have unsupervised learning, supervised learning and reinforcement learning 
techniques based on each model training they have different capabilities.

---

3. What is the difference between Traditional AI and Generative AI?

In Traditional AI, the result is based on predictable and based on what user is searching on 
the internet any providing less text to search leads to wrong or the unwanted information. 
It is decision focused unlike generative ai.
while generative AI has language understanding and can create the conversational based response with human like response 
and It provides image generation facilities while Traditional AI just provides already available response.

---

4. Explain the concept of “prompting” in the context of LLMs. Why is it important?

Prompting means giving input or instructions to an LLM to guide its response. 
Prompts provide what you are exactly looking for so prompt need to be very specific otherwise 
it will use GPU to find out all the answer you might be looking for. 
Good prompting well crafts the result and gives accurate and relevant answers.

---

5. What is the role of "tokens" in a language model, and how do they impact the output?

Tokens are the basic units of texts LLMs use to process input and generate output. They can be words or characters.
Token includes the smaller parts of whole search term, it breaks down the text into smaller parts. Limiting token make the maximum context length the user can send.
longer inputs or outputs use more tokens and it affects memory and performance and cost.

---

6. What are some limitations or risks of using Generative AI models like ChatGPT?

AI can make mistakes while providing response. It can fail in accuracy, lack of source, privacy and bias.
AI may mislead by providing overconfident response. Reflect biases in training data. 
It make the hard to trace the source of the information
or Hallucination by providing made up response. It also has risk of data privacy